Announcing: Agency Salon #1: Protecting Digital Freedoms

Website: https://agencysalon.org/

When & Where

   Sunday, March 4, 2012
   3:00pm

   Langton Labs
   9 Langton St., San Francisco, CA 94103

   Donations gratefully accepted at the door.

What it's all about:

   Does reading the news lately make you crazy? Does every day seem to
   bring a new outrage?

   Are you amazed to find yourself turning into someone who knows laws by
   their acronym, like SOPA, PIPA, NDAA, or PCIPA?

   Are you getting more and more worried about protecting your privacy
   online? But maybe you don't know where to start?

   We feel the same way. We're a group of hackers, artists, and academics
   who know each other from pulling pranks or doing big art projects,
   often at Burning Man. Most of us wouldn't have called ourselves
   "political" until recently.

   But in San Francisco we know how to achieve apparently impossible
   things, as a community. And we feel like the time is right for people
   like us to step up and see what we can do — with art, technology and
   direct action.

   We're starting out by holding a salon on Sunday, March 4th, at 3:00pm,
   on the theme of "Protecting Digital Freedoms". We'll have speakers to
   inform, inspire, and entertain, but what we really hope is that you'll
   be energized by finding some thing that you want to *do*.
 
Speakers

   Your host for the afternoon is Aaron Muszalski, (@sfslim), storyteller,
   writer and maker. He's changing the world through collaborative
   culture, online activism and tactical whimsy.

   "Towards Internet Scale Democracy" with Neil Kandalgaonkar

   Neil Kandalgaonkar (brevity.org | @flipzagging) is a hacker who has had
   a small part making some of the websites you use every day, like Google
   and Flickr, and a large part making the ones you forgot about, like
   Upcoming.org. He's talking today about his new project for achieving
   consensus among large groups of people.

   "The Wikipedia Blackout" with Geoff Brigham

   Geoff Brigham is the legal counsel for the Wikimedia Foundation, the
   non-profit that runs Wikipedia. He'll be talking about the recent
   "strike" that Wikipedia held to protest SOPA, how the community came to
   decide to do that, and the implications for the future. Geoff's résumé
   includes being a VP and deputy counsel for eBay, serving as a U.S.
   Attorney for Miami, and busking on the streets of Paris.

   "Nymwars" with Eva Galperin

   Anonymity and pseudonymity have a long history in public discourse, but
   real name policies on social networks and in the comment sections of
   blogs and newspapers are endangering this tradition on the Internet.
   This talk will cover the ongoing battle between real names and "nyms"
   online.

   Eva Galperin (@evacide) is an activist for the Electronic Frontier
   Foundation, where she does education, mobilization, and outreach on all
   things related to digital civil liberties. Prior to EFF, Eva worked at
   the US-China Policy Institute, where she helped to organize conferences
   and research Chinese energy policy. She has Bachelor's degrees from
   SFSU in International Relations and Political Science, which she is
   continuously astonished to find useful on a daily basis.

   "Practical Privacy and Anonymity on the Internet: Tor and More" 
   (30-45 min workshop) led by Morgan Marquis-Boire.

   Morgan Marquis-Boire (@headhntr) has worked in the field of security
   and privacy for over a decade in many capacities, from punk kid to
   corporate shill. Prior to his present incarnation as a corporate
   security guy for a little known search engine, Morgan has been known to
   dabble in cluster computing, critical infrastructure, open-source
   security, and doomed Japanese start-ups.

   Morgan will present a brief history of anonymity on the internet,
   followed by a hands-on workshop showing you how to protect yourself
   from prying eyes by using Tor, the world's most commonly used anonymity
   service. Bring your laptops!


